I promise you
Until I die, I will touch no man, except for you.
Until I die, I will talk to no man,except you.
From now on, I’m yours, from the top of my head to the bottom of my feet. Every single bit of me, nothing left out.
I can’t remember the days we spent together, but it doesn’t matter.
I don’t know anything about the thing called “love”...
But if “love” means keeping this promise until the day I die...
then I promise to always love you, for as long as I live.
By the honor of Soryu Asuka Langley.
=======

    The ballroom was filled with fashion's throng,
    It shone with a thousand lights,
    And there was a woman who passed along,
    The fairest of all the sights,
    A girl to her lover then softly sighed,
    There's riches at her command;
    But she married for wealth, not for love, he cried,
    Though she lives in a mansion grand.

    CHORUS
    She's only a bird in a gilded cage,
    A beautiful sight to see,
    You may think she's happy and free from care,
    She's not, though she seems to be,
    'Tis sad when you think of her wasted life,
    For youth cannot mate with age,
    And her beauty was sold,
    For an old man's gold,
    She's a bird in a gilded cage.

    I stood in a churchyard just at eve',
    When sunset adorned the west,
    And looked at the people who'd come to grieve,
    For loved ones now laid at rest,
    A tall marble monument marked the grave,
    Of one who'd been fashion's queen,
    And I thought she is happier here at rest,
    Than to have people say when seen.


    "Aut iveniam viam aut faciam" ("I shall either find a way or make one")
    
    "Dum Spiro, Spero." (Whilst I breathe, I hope)
    
    Pacta sunt servanda. (agreements must be kept)
    
    
If Fëanor cannot overthrow the Grinch, at least he delays not to assail him, and sits not idle in grief. And it may be that Santa has set in me a fire greater than thou knowest. Such hurt at the least will I do to the Foe of Christmas that even the mighty in the Arctic Circle shall wonder to hear it.

In that hour the voice of Fëanor grew so great and so potent that even the herald of the Holidays bowed before him as one full-answered, and departed.
    

>>>>>>> 411214c90d248bceb77739a77b6bb30d58a118a3

 Proverbs 26:18-19 English Standard Version (ESV)

Like a madman who throws firebrands, arrows, and death is the man who deceives his neighbor and says, “I am only joking!”

